What do you mean?
My name isn't Amy. I've been lying to you this whole time. I knew it. My real name is Amelia Anderson
Trevor is my brother. That woman that knew brought to the house. That's Emily
Trevor's ex-girlfriend.
Wanna save me? Now she's destroying everything I have.
So what, you guys were in on this together the whole time?
No, I was forced to do this, okay?
You asked me to marry you!
For much to get close to me and tank my company.
Trevor is involved with some really, really bad people. They threaten my family's lives.
It's enough. Get out.
I wasn't lying about that.
Go!
Are you deaf? Leave.
Amelia, would you force papers to your house? I don't want to see you again.
Well, sis.
I don't understand you two are back together.
Newsflash, we have been together for a couple of months now, actually.
You want to drop some more bombs on her babe?
Isn't she like in the mafia or something?
Oh, yeah, about that. There is no mafia. It was a scheme or an act, if you will, to make
you believe that there was one. But Therian also paid actor.
Well, an amateur actor, but I think he has what it takes, don't you? No.
Oh, big sis dropping at bombs now.
You actually loved him?
Fucking killer.
Fucking monster, Trevor.
You cut off mom's finger just for some fucking money?
It is not just some money.
When Noah sells his company, I'm going to get a hundred million dollars from it.
I see what this is.
Here is all of your compensation for all the hard work you've done.
Oh, and by the way, mom sold the place, so you better get the fuck out.
Come on, babe, let's go get some blow.
By the way, I know what you did.
Yeah? And what's that?
Amelia told me everything.
She did have a rough one.
Too bad she's all beauty with no brains to back it up.
Let me ask you something, Trevor.
Do you really think you can get away with this?
I'm too good of a con man.
I just stole your business from right under your nose and
you didn't even see a comment.
I hope you don't get too comfortable because I'm coming for you.
Yeah? Well, you better have some salt on you because I'll be sipping teenies into heedy while you'll be
begging daddy for money.
Somebody's getting restless.
You listen to me.
You.
I wouldn't worry too much about me.
What I would worry about if I were you.
It's not falling for bitches who spread their legs too easily for you.
You like being the punching bag, Trevor?
It's better than being the leg.
Mr. Career.
Amelia.
Another scheme?
I deserve this.
I'm flat broke.
I don't have a home and I'm caring for my mother who has a drug addiction.
I'm glad you acknowledge your fate.
If you're here to mock me, I get it.
Both hate.
Doesn't matter. Let's go.
I remember saving somebody like three years ago in a car accident.
After all this time, why didn't you tell me?
I guess we both were very honest, huh?
I know that saying I'm sorry doesn't mean God trust me when I say that I do love you.
If I had known that my brother was just trying to get money, I never would have...
No, no, don't do that.
It's not your phone.
Come back.
I'll leave this.
I'm gonna bring home tomorrow.
Cockroaches to fill the swimming pool?
My dad, before you say anything else, just let me explain.
I'm really beginning to believe you're mentally challenged, son.
Dad, she's the one who saved me in that accident.
She deserves another chance.
Our whole list.
I'm not giving you any.
In fact, I don't want you going anywhere near any of our family businesses.
You know what, Dad?
I don't need your money anymore.
Because I'm taking back Greer Corp.
Oh, yeah?
Dying to see that happen.
I'm so sorry.
This is all my fault.
How are you even gonna take it back?
You the guy to plan?
I didn't think you had the balls to reach out again.
Yeah?
Why wouldn't I?
You know, you did tell me to confine you when I had concrete evidence, and well,
now I do.
I stole your company from my nose.
Do something, Trevor?
It's too late.
Cops are on the way.
And there's a line-ass hole.
Trevor, no!
Okay, just...
So someone help!
Amelia?
Oh, no, no.